---
title: im still alive (and well?)
tags: rants
---

> *凡心所向，素履所往；生如逆旅，一苇以航。*

> *Translation: If a heart desires, one can achieve no matter what; By then, life is like a journey against the tides, flowing on a piece of leaf.*

this is just some updates since i realized i have not wrote anything for the last few days and prolly have down mentals so i will write more ig? idk

theres rly nothing important that was not documented other than having one of the worst races that i delivered ever? 75 secs off someone that i can gap is prolly bad. and then i cried in physics? failed race

so today starts?

woke up at 5:40 on 4h50 of sleep but just couldnt fall back asleep afterwards. so took a bit to stretch since coming off a faster long run (14m 7:44) my legs didnt feel good. ankle did not feel good either but went to practice regardless

two weeks till i finish district and start spamming fm workouts. ive just done with bush and everything related to cc atm

first period is multi. 78 raw test score but corrected to 100. made some of the most trivial mistakes ive ever made but it does get updated to 100. idk the twins were helpful with it.

euro was uh. euro was bad. drafted second to last for project topics and had to work individual. unfortunately i got uh scottish reformation. hopefully i can write more tmr. the info was straightforward. usually creativity projects with social studies are my weaknesses.

apush was uh nothing. did kahoot and ofc bonnibeth were 60% into kahoot when the bell rang. i kinda read over the other kahoot questions. should be fine for test tmr. my head started hurting by then

and stats is usually the most retarded class of my day (by avg iq of class). did test correction. ofc i did the most trivial thing again. uh i hope that i can read questions properly next time. third time i did that. ALSO FOR FUCKS SAKE I NEED THE SOPHOMORE GIRLS TO STOP CHEATING IT IS NOT THAT DEEP LIKE STOP THIS SHIT ITS NOT EVEN GOOD FOR YOU UGHHHHH.

