---
title: local minimum
tags: rants
---

> *These are the days we've been waiting for*
>
> *Neither of us knows what's in store*
>
> *You just roll your window down and place your bets*
>
> *These are the days we won't regret*
>
> *These are the days we'll never forget*
>
> *<cite>[The Days](https://open.spotify.com/track/5Iy2Jj87Ha0C0IBlNE1I4y?si=daf7da04ce794ab2)</cite>*


my mental has never been lower... idk neg effect of camp pushing jr yr ig?

woke up at 5:35 cuz idk why i just cant fucking fall asleep after, couldve got another 10 mins but why would i when i can like not do it... decided to start the habit of logging my state of mind in walking time and get some some reflections in... and im increasingly negative by the daily... again, neg effect of camp pushing in jr yr...

the run was ok, did 6.5, first half with preston and second half with colton. the sprint was good, i dont feel too shiity for tmr, just nervous and uhhh stressed... im just in a shitty mood so its kinda annoying.. maybe loggin by the half hour/twice per pd would be a better idea?

multi was chill, quiz was prety chill, 4 of the questions are free, the other question was semi free after i realied the solid was rotated around x axis... skipped nontriv amt of casework after which is very sweet.. did one silly after check so i had to redo some of my issues. shes chill with our test so we turned out to be fine anyways... 

ap euro has been bad and it turned out to be bad again cuz i didnt realize how awful i did on my test.. now i read my misses i realize ive been missing braindead things which is worse. i mean the curve very much carried but it was ok. and then did some fairy tale moment for ivan in russia. ~~moral of the story: dont let your brothers live.~~ 

apush quiz was actually nice. did not fall asleep + the quiz was not ridiculous. so i think i got -2 to -4 which is big sweet. the wifi went down mid quiz so i had to use a paper copy. but the quiz was chill, did some bookwork right after so its all chill.

stats was just downhill, down down fucking hill. got called to the office first time (which details i will not disclose due to legal/personal reason), and then i realized that we have group project and then i realized i have pretty much idiots in my group and uhhh that sucks ass.. so asked toppert to work solo which worked out.

physics was so much better tho. twins are my spirit animals man... ethan is sweet and evan gest to the point, quick. so talking to them always like make me feel sm better. mid class got another office visit (which details i will not disclose, but complete different event than 4th visit). and then came back for some small things and some discussion on the debate, then headed off to lunch.

why tf am i studying for chem thus i didnt. bookwork + blog catchup is sm better.

and then chem test made me regret everything i did. im gonna use very nsfw words but i "felt like i was fucked in the ass for 45 minutes straight". idk man shit was not good, i didnt know whats happening for more than half of the time cuz i just dont... what the fuck... its fine surely my mcq carries?

english was fun, didnt do a lot, since most of the time was discussion on the office visits.

there are after school things that i would not like to discuss. you may ping me if youre curious and i will tell you if i think you are my type of guy.

so got home at like 6 cuz of issues, naps for like 1h and then just went up for 2.5h focus sesh, worked out ok, bookwork is optimistic. tried bgs again td and got 1st with murcs which is insane lmao, im still a gamer lmfao..

9:54pm, i will cook and then pack up, need to be in bed in 40 min i need to, night houston and wish me luck for trailing tmr
