---
title: doublin down
tags: rants
---

> *For years and years*
>
> *I chased their cheers*
>
> *The crazy speed of always needing more*
>
> *But when I stop*
>
> *And see you here*
>
> *I remember who all this was for*
>
> *<cite>[From Now On](https://open.spotify.com/track/3IkWmgGsXbsafrunwPojXO?si=c996ffd971bf42a1)</cite>*


woke up at around 5:50, did not like the fact that were gonna have a speed workout this morning but here i am running 400s on the track... holy fuck that was tough tho. mason pushed my pace for the first half of the workout, and then garrett and chase pushed my pace for the second half of the workout. do think i paced ahead of the most jv boys tho so its a decent workout, glad i pushed my hr a little higher and hit mileage as well

again, nothing fun happened at school since i kinda felt like dog shit anyways so i will not be sharing... just know i talked to triv amt of ppl td which is big sad

some reflections after i get home: i do not feel good, my time is running out again and i need to redo a lot of shit cuz im running out of time on bookwork.. i do not like this

did some dp on dp td, fun stuff but did like 2-3 problems on it..

doublin down on cp/mo/cc, well ig im calling it tripling up. 

cp is just going at max speed atm, full camp pushing until i cant

mo is not a lot, need to do more

cc is also max speed pushing, i wanna fm finisher

i have been talking less and less once i get home, both on discord and texts, focusing is easier, feeling normal after focusing is hard. doing good for 2h is easy, doing good after that 2h is hell. i think im on the verge of burnout. i am however not going to give up cuz im not a little bastard who cant handle it. it is not as hard as grade 6. it is also that i lost someone to tell my troubles with and it doesnt work anymore

eh ig idk the person i usually talk my troubles out with doesnt reply to my text. fuck this

idk its 10:35 ig i will sleep soon but ugh
