---
title: monkey with weights (maybe everything)
tags: rants
---

> *Oh, should my people fall*
>
> *Then surely I'll do the same*
>
> *Confined in mountain halls*
>
> *We got too close to the flame*
>
> *Calling out father oh*
>
> *Hold fast and we will*
>
> *Watch the flames burn auburn on*
>
> *The mountain side*
>
> *Desolation comes upon the sky*
>
> *<cite>[I See Fire](https://open.spotify.com/track/1fu5IQSRgPxJL2OTP7FVLW?si=591e020ef58a482e)</cite>*


idk man im feeling like a piece of shit on a daily basis for some reason

woke up early at 5:35, cant fall asleep despite going past midnight but idk its just bad... i wanna sleep early now!!! omg it feels so bad to be lack of sleep during the morning... prac was so dogshit... first of all it was like this time trial wtv bullshit and uhh "i dont rec you do it cuz you prolly wont make it" kinda bullshit... and then bleacher 400s is just straight up hell, hell with a capital H, 75 74 74 74 75 74, consistantly tiring asf which sucks... but we got it done, the hr was actually looking rly rly good which is very nice i reckon? and then walked 20 min with devon cuz why would you not walk with devon, brief apps talk, man hes so much better than austin dude... 

was actually not too late to multi today, app we had a project but uhhh im not doing it until i have to? idrk and then i forgot to study for euro today so will do it during multi ig? i thought i didnt study until i saw hisham, bro does not know who isabella is 💀 ya i dont feel too shit anymore, most of it is commonsense-able? idek its fine, and then were talking a lot about apps now... learn sth

euro was like straight up shit? uhhh i think going under on 5.5 turned out to be right, id say around 4.5 sth sth??! idk... and then i was informed that the 40 mins timer was a hard timer 🤡 and then it was all over lmfao... ya i might or might not have missed 14 to 20 without any gaps cuz i fell asleep... its ok i think theres a generous enough curve to put me above a B i think?

and then i was too bored in apush and didnt wanna fall asleep so i finished the project which is yay, proof turned out to be extremely trivial cuz uhhh comp geo is op once again. and then we did our little skits and then had nontrivial free time which i spent on uhh manifold and bookwork ig? bookwork was like so annoying, missing trivial points cuz i cant impl shit which is so sad.

stats test was kinda light but makes me worried cuz last time i thought itwas light i got a 88 so i wouldnt like be so confident rn. plus most ppl worked till the bell so im slightly scared but i wont worry, as evan said next period "your grade is pretty much stupid other than you and 1 other person anyways" so ill just wait till my corrections come out?

physics was another app talks day, talked about like mass/cmu apps and how those actually differ from ut?? man why tf am i intl for apps, makes life +inf times harder cuz i actually cant get anything verified which sucks so bad??! "we should do our z scores for 5k and compare them" - charlie.. that was not necessary after this 5k bullshit this morning alright?

lunch was uneventful, considered telling ysaline yanns curses but went for not doing it cuz rude?

chem was lost cause, i think i just straight up didnt even write out formula and just yolo the entire test cuz holy fuck no calc ap chem was just a differnet kind of thing??! idk it turned to be ok, i got 13/15 LMFAO and prolly did better than 80% of the class if not more which is crazy crazy crazy. and uh i turned my test in at 20 min and coded afterwards cuz why would i not code man

english was uneventful other than joseph brownfields great quote "Give me liberty or give me death? More like give me a fork and a knife cuz you ate that up Patrick" brownfields class turned out to be the second easiest class of my entire yr which is sooo sweet

and then uh monkey with weights, very peaceful which is rly nice... i got 8 ppl in the weight room and not a lot of noise, doing lower body with furman and upper body with emma kemp 💀, shit is not real... but i mean i got thru it, switching between sets is absoultely hilarious tho... i was split squatting 50 while military pressing 35 🤣 but its all good ill be better once i show up more

went home and took a nap for 1h, woke up from slumber and just straight to work, another 3.5h focus session and like it was SOOOOOOO fuckng good.. bookwork is actually looking optimistic for once, which is rly fucking nice, all the efforts is paying off. the experiment continues. i can calm down at school and get into focus very quickly at home, prolly 1 yr later than otoher ppl but im doing it so let it be ig. i mean calming myself down at school and just focus can work magic somehow lmfao

i missed the debate well other than the last 30 min but i got ezra and tsin and bora and everule and egor to catch me up so it s all good... kamala somehow pulled a win out of her ass which is insane. "12 out of the last 16 yrs democrats had the presidency and nothing changed" had discssion about eb5 and h1e which is nice.

10:40 pm, washing some clothes and going to sleep which is nice, night houston!
