---
title: the sword
tags: rants
---

> *Choose to live by the sword - then die by it too*
>
> *--<cite>Vincent and his father</cite>*

> *add some friends; talk insecurities, jokes, fears and dreams all night long*
>
> *--<cite>de_sousa</cite>*

tripled up in contest td didnt go too well per say but wasnt that bad... cf started off ok and then i see the most troll problem of my life... so someone tell me WHY A CF D would have print sample + print 1234 as the answer??! like man i thought we needed to get rid of proof by AC.... 2k ppl got ac before me and i can bet you half of them proved by ac... and can we stop the fucking indians from cheating man. too obvious... i looked at rklist 10 mins in between and you tell me 100 ppl pass prob in 10 min??! like dude lets not cheat right

and then teamscode happened??! man i had the most troll problem again... given a 500k list of strings, try to compress it into 50k of code so that it supports lookup... bro fr? you just put this problem out there to make my life miserable.. but its ok we had the most cursed sol out there. idea: hash it so that it fits in a length 4 base-62 string, manually solve hash collisions and then use map for lookup.. troll asf but we did it. unironically me and boris had this to say after "we basically won the entire thing by solving that" (we did not)

and then nfls didnt quite happen cuz we didnt get logins yet so went to upsolve again.. noi18 is mindsolved atm??! i think i have p3 and p5 and will write up tmr. so uhh noi18 sol doc coming soon 👀

tmr were monkeying with nfls stuff fs lolol cuz i think nfls has contest going on tmr and rpeng should be able to get logins??

also had rly good convos with kyminh and vincent td... vincent gave me very good ideas today thus is record it here. live by the sword and die by it it is honestly... it reflects some my of thoughts on the contest world. in some senses we are rly a small group of ppl trapped inside a common goal and common mentality. sometimes we are confined for that the ppl around us dont understand us (and ofc the awful cow jokes), we are misunderstood for the tapping on the keyboard that we do that rly dont make sense to anyone. sometimes the pain and the joy can only be understood by us. ya, what *is* the point of doing some contests that had no prize and no meaning in life anyways? but for us, its not any contest, every time is a trial by fire that we go thru, every time we see the green word that means nothing to anyone else, it makes us ecstatic, it makes us feel good about overselves again. and why do they read all those books that makes no sense? well i guess that where our passion lies. its why vincent and i all agreed that ppl doing usaco for college are cringe, they have no drive other than that far away college and just trying to find a "special" olympiad to be taking part in. but in the same time us contest ppl arent that confined, i can always reach canadian, british, french, pennsylvanian, chinese ppl with the same passion, same feels, same blood rush to their head when they see the green word "accepted". the same mentality, despite making us competitors in the same arena, also makes us the most talkative, the most guard down when we talk. it is only among the minds of the same goal we can let everything down and talk insecurities, jokes, fears and dreams. we forget the existance of time and talk about everything and anything, only because of the same simple goal of knowing more about the endless knowledge in the comp prog world. it is just such a passion that makes us like family despite living thousands miles away from each other. but rpeng is right, contest isnt a dinner party, and many fail to understand the contest world (maybe im still one of them), it is a small world, a warm world, and a world that few enter and enjoy themselves in.

the convo with kyminh was a tad bit more shallow. were talking about running and all the mileage stuff. i realized that how frustrating it is to have efforts unregconized. but thinking that i do it for myself and not the spot (at least this yr) makes me feel a wee bit better. at least im getting fitter and fitter by the day.

the talk list for td was like vincent kyminh joseph will emma and charlie?? im not missing anyone right

tmr the plan is to practice morning, nap/upsolve depends on my energy levels, run a nfls contest at night.. monkeying with real fire tmr... hope im ready

also need to catch up on some blog writing tmr, todo list is getting out of hand
