---
title: how did i have a meeting i didnt even know about
tags: rants
---

> *Well, let that lonely feeling wash away*
>
> *Maybe there's a reason to believe you'll be okay*
>
> *'Cause when you don't feel strong enough to stand*
>
> *You can reach, reach out your hand*
>
> *And oh, someone will coming running*
>
> *And I know, they'll take you home*
>
> *<cite>[You Will Be Found](https://open.spotify.com/track/1H7Zqkq54andtaSSnLRrfp?si=0fb860cf40714cc1) </cite>*


will i tho, will i? 

woke up at 5:50 after sleeping at 11 last night, thought i slept early ehh? idk i thought i was gonna be late till i got there... i was like 3 mins early actually... i got there in time. chase was off in sleep sch 😭. and then like i was telling him 6h is more than enough, stop misdirecting innocent children lmfao.. and then got a 8 miler done with austin, went on cruise control, i think my low hr is coming, avging a comfy 159bpm (shouldve been 157 if i didnt decide to kick the last half mile) worth it tho... every min of that was worth... and kinda procrastinated until i had to go to class

i def didnt walk into class 3 mins late... ya even that i went to devon to get food before ms yee came in cuz uhhh idk she was late? we kinda didnt do anything today other than lecturing over cycloids? idek... it wasnt hard i think its very close to the geo stuff yuda is teaching? but he also said comp geo is very diff from analytical geo so idek man... andrew rowe being the little smartass he is took 5 mins on fucking pendulum being a cycloid???! bro draw the damn diagram.. dude also decide to stay after class to ask her wtf? and then he decided that its good to stop in front of me when im leaving "oh did u know that 🤓" yes i actually did since im not a retard... but anyways comp geo is op.

2nd period was uhhh euro?? we have a test tmr??! ughhh... its fine last time i yoloed a raw 80 without curve so like what am i even worrying about... gimkit wasnt bad, was not like the ap world tests where im lost in the middle of nowhere??! so nice when that doesnt happen... and then ainsley got sick rip.. i dont even feel too bad for the test tmr? over/under 5.5 total asleep mins during that??! i go under ngl

btw hits diff when i have exile shuffled on during this entry, idk just hits different... and i had born to be yours after this? i wanna fucking cry??! 

apush was straight up hell. HELL with caps.. like im actually paired with 2.5 idiots for my group its so joever... but like its fine we got some sort of work done? i say in total of 5 sentences top and 3 of them is gonna be womp womp.. lmao we film tmr but i think were all good? idk are we acting it out i think we are. oh were not videoing it? oh fuck. oh fuck. oh well its wtv we have 2.5 idiots that can talk. we can afford to get another half to 1 idiot right

uhhh stats was like really fucking easy, frqs was a free 100, i am soooo grateful of that 3/4 all nighters i pulled last yr, im actually so much ahead in stats for this yr cuz i grinded so hard last yr.. and i think every single jr knows how important a good chill period is... mary being the white kid she is "oh its not your chair i didnt see you on it" i was about to throw fist, im not kidding, im not... and then uhhh i grabbed her chair and returned the logic, you get mad, ya GET MAD its not even my fucking fault...

physics was so chill tho... was talking to the twins and read evans essay.. lowkey sooooo good tho!! such a banger essay, i love the twins so much... and then i might or might not just copied ethans ws... i mean i think i know what im doing, i know what im doing surely

lunch was just chill... didnt do shit... read a book ig?? i think i got a bookwork mindsolve done

chem was a pleasant surprise ngl... i got a 90 on quiz somehow??! no i was not expected to perf score p1??! and then i ofc missed the most trivial problem.. neutralization was uhhh oh-+h+=h2o... i think you might wanna rmbr that... man all that hard stoich, all that redox, i missed the most triv subprob... goddamn it... its ok i had fun after, talking to joel and daniel and ms parker... fun little talks ig

and then uhhh enrichment.... CALCULATE THE GODDAMN CURVE RIGHT BRO... maybe realize that 84 and 76 doesnt actually average 73... idk it should be around 80? idek... 

english was fun... we read pat henry and just kinda annotated... i love brownfield so much man...

and then i didnt know i had a fucking nhs meeting bruh... its fine we took 20 min doing nothing other than "pay the money, do the hours".. maybe we should take less time doing useless shit... idek

thank you mr andrew justin for driving me home... ily so much..

and then i took an hour nap, and then went down to bookwork for like the next 4 hours.. im actually kinda good at focusing now? i love the fact that i can actually do work now, advantages of a having a good brain... i just like doing stuff now, enjoyable... nobody talked to me, decided to start no convos td just to see whats gonna happen... ironically if i dont start convos i get no convos, henry sent me reels, real shit man, real shit. sad that nobody actually wants to talk to me at times. and then watched 2 running vids after... i realized how bullshit this bush sch is... who tf put 3 speed workouts a week, this is why i will get 2 long runs and 2 easies and 2 speeds per week, make sure i aint getting injured... 

i wanna talk to ppl man, talked to hugh for a bit ig? should i init my convos or just wait... i mean as if i cant focus without having interactions, the question is how long? how long do i burn out? the question loops back to how long till i just lose myself and die... idk i have enough time. 3 months left? i got it... after may youd be ok, think about camping and mass tech and carmellon... and fight! i want it sooo bad, i dont wanna repeat hs exp, ive never knew someone that can know me and let me know them

some late but never absent thoughts on the ioi situation: pls noi ban haoba now, if china get banned on ioi its just ggs for yall

11:06pm, i need to pack up and wash some clothes, but goodnight houston!
