---
title: dont give me hope when its not real
tags: rants
---

> *Everything that you've ever dreamed of*
>
> *Disappearing when you wake up*
>
> *But there's nothing to be afraid of*
>
> *Even when the night changes*
>
> *It will never change me and you*
>
> *<cite>[Night Changes](https://open.spotify.com/track/5O2P9iiztwhomNh8xkR9lJ?si=b0f277113ae6489c)</cite>*

everything that youve ever dreamed of, disappearing when you wake up

i have nothing else to say other than this morning... the rest of the day flew past and i cant take my mind off of what happened.

two days ago was the day someone announced that "we have open spots and were hosting a time trial" and that gave me immense amt of hope? why? cuz i ran my ass off this yr and i didnt get a singular good race this yr and i wanted a spot, even temporary. and i have faith in my training, i have more fitness than my competitiors and i just couldnt execute my race. so it was a chance to run a race without spike diffs, start diffs, and all the disadvantages that i accumulated every race is at that point, erased. so yes, i was hopeful, i had faith and i decided to taper off wednesday to prep race

wednesday was the first incident, i told him im trialing and i was being utterly disappointed to the hearing of "i suggest you not do it cuz i doubt youre gonna make it", which honestly only motivated to do it. idk man i wanted to prove myself. so i tried my best to do recov last night and made sure im hydrated and relaxed come 5am this morning.

5am is when i woke up, about 2:30 ahead of time trial starting time, did a lot of activation, did focus exercise for 20 mins and set off at around 6:00. got to track feeling sharp and ready. warmed up as my expectations, did first .75 around 9 flat with devon and went last quarter at 6:40 just to get my body used to the high temp and high hr a little bit. the drills and streches are ok, just made sure im feeling good about my muscles and execution of the race.

the race was done near perfectly. as kyminh and i called, there will be a lead pack going out too fast (which they crossed mile 1 at around 5:20), i had to secure a good spot ahead of evans and chase to make sure they dont get me by the kick. mile 1 i crossed at 5:51, 3rd behind garrett and mason who both crossed at around 5:20.

mile 2 was done near perfectly, i kept a gap and pushed the pace with the pack of me will and chase, pushed out to a 6:20 around and realized at that point that the course was long and how i could use it to my advantage. calculations suggest it to be 5.3k at the end and i had to shorten my kick since i doubt that the other two knows. however i made a mistake at the turn by cutting in the middle and by that time evans passed me and got a 10 sec gap on me. halfway mark at 9:34 due to the turn

mile 3 was done perfectly, it was around then i noticed that evans is going a lot faster than mason which can mean two things: mason is dying out or will is kicking early. my watch suggested former so i decided to start neg splitting by then since that would be the most useful way. i realized that i was going faster than evans and mason both and there is a good chance that i end up 2nd or 3rd. the next half mile i decided to speed up and make sure my hr isnt going above 190 (it ended going to 191 but who am i to care), repped that half mile at 6:20, next half mile is cruise control for the kick, another 6:20.

the last 500 was living hell, we hit 3 miles at the nat and i noticed that mason did not count for the extra distance thus he is way slower than he should be, i passed him up and made sure he was ok, and then had will about 50 meters in my sight, knowing that i will likely not beat him off a kick, i tried to get him before he starts kicking and decided to drop to around 5:40 for the next 200 meter. by then he started kicking and i also realized im around 250 till the finish and decided to start kicking. the last 200 i had avg hr of around 193 but its not my job to care, the line was in my eyes and i dont know whos behind me and whos not. so i went all in and crossed at 19:28

post race i learned that chase took a hard fall at the turn and has a possibility to be injured. rip. my 5k split turned to be around 18:40 to 19 flat which is pretty insane for me. i was in a good mood and went on a walk with devon and decide to shower and change

and then it hit me, chase walked in as i was changing "we called it, hes not moving anyone up", huh i shouldve known better, its just a time trial not for anything.. i should have known better. devon was mocking me but ik he kinda felt upset. walking into the school at 8:15, 20 min before multi, i couldnt hold it and grabbed devon to ellis' room and after he walked back, i cried. that was not fair, that was so not fair.. i had the most amount of hope in 3 years of running, i thought the first time and maybe the only time i would have my chances on a varsity bus would happen this yr, right in my eyes. even after my race, i was happy, i was ecstatic since i thought i would make it once, the efforts paid off. 

did it? did it? ig i have to resort to charlies quote "at least you got a pr and thats all it matters", but i just dont get it, so much hope, and so quickly it flashed in front of my eyes, and its gone in no more than an hour. the emotional rollarcoaster we went thru for this crazy hour. dont give me hope when its not real. please, dont ever do it again.

whats the aftermath? i wanna know but ig i never will, am i gonna be on the bus? idk and maybe thats what euro said "predestination", its rly not up to me in the end

but please, next time when you give hope, make it real, my feeble heart cant take this much
