---
title: ~~galvy meet~~why tf am i at school
tags: rants
---

> *I owned every second that this world could give*
>
> *I saw so many places*
>
> *The things that I did*
>
> *Yeah, with every broken bone*
>
> *I swear I lived*
>
> *<cite>[I Lived](https://open.spotify.com/track/3IQF4xCQUPicbA4hWfTxPo?si=7acf926381684035)</cite>*


felt decent, woke up at 5:50 surely? idt i woke up too late but it felt late so i didnt feel too good at the beginning. saw band kids practicing and they were kinda late td.. warmed up and didnt feel too well? idk didnt like what happened today... thus went very very easy with devon. first 4 miles avged like 9:15 sth like that, was very very very chill. the wilderness trail 3 miler loop is working pretty well, like the texture of trail feels a lot better than the oil fields so i like how it works. maybe itll extend to stevenson for a 7/8 miler soon. i dont do long run at schools and i think its a good cause surely... 

checked sat after practice while walking to devon... devon didnt tell me cuz i thought i did awful. so rechecked during stats and charlie told me, im too scared to check lmao. 1520 = 725/800 so its kinda not good... idk no improvement on english kinda pisses me off... idek 800 on math is ok ig? ishan got 530 lmfao... 730 is bigger than 720 ig... but nah unfortunately i might need to retake it after cow season...

math was chill, was getting books off a certain archive during class and got the larson 11 edition calc book and sent it to ms yee. i think were gonna be good with text book from now, more textbooks are available and that makes lives so much easier... on the other hand the copyrighters have a reason to be angry

euro was also, chill. nothing going on with lecture and i kinda knew what was going on so decided to nap for like 15-20 minutes... nothing going on as well after... so i just was trying to download my libgen stuff... libgen was out of date so i had to redl which is kinda awful.. its a pretty big project for a personal like mine so oop oop

apush was project working after a john green video, i was talking to daniel about libgen and stuff, recent events has contributed to a lot of thinking with copyright and shadow libraries, quite interesting if i have to say. project was uhhhh tough, i have "two and a half idiots in my group" says "the half idiot", ig be happy its a small project and you dont have to like write a paper or some dumb shit...

stats frq, was doing a lil bit of tomfoolery (as in downloading libgen again) during their frqs, again ~~why tf am i at school atm of speaking that~~, but ya turned out to perf score on that frq, no surprises there, the frq was hella easy ngl... and then setted up like some sqls for libgen so its all good and fun... tried to learn some redox. and it kinda worked? thank you charlie

physics was finishing up the worksheet and redoxing, and like it kinda make sense lmao. so fun man. thank you ethan evan and charlie. ngl the twins are like just hard to know know at a point, after knowing them theyre easy ppl to deal with, its fun

lunch was nothing, so ig its nothing?

chem was like so awful ngl... i respectfully hated that quiz, like i got the titrated ion as a fucking spectator thats how bad i messed up... luckily it does not negatively affect my grade? lemme guess i scored sub 50 on that shit.. sigh. uhhh charlie came into our class to take quiz? idk you have monday why would you take that shit td 💀.. and then joel decided to tell parker to find my blog... uhhh i think she dwelled on cf for a long time and then uhhh someone told her github exists. im gonna assume she found it. hi ms parker? idk

english was ok, wrote some paragraph and was doing a lil bit of blogging i think?

went home, took a 2h nap cuz why tf not?

and then class class class bookwork bookwork libgen libgen, bookwork is going rly well imo, need to make sure cow is going ig. again talked to absolutely nobody other than chase and charlie.... just complained about this shitty 9 mile workout that im gonna do at 5am tmr cuz of fucking atcoder... pls like stop this irresponsibility. can you rembr that theres 65% of the team running jv and need a workout on sat? i bet you cant cuz youre a little fucking loser with an ego bigger than your entire personality...

11:31 pm, gn houston!
