---
title: i lost a bet
tags: rants
author: not jason
---

uhhhh i lost a bet

read following for details tyvm 

basically jason’s just a hater and bet his blog page that my team would lose 2 or more games at gccisd softball tournament

this shows how that went loll (5-1)

i don’t know how to format this soo i’m just gnna yap about wednesday and the tournament

wednesday someonee came to gcm in the afternoon but by the time i got there he was already taking aime. jason was distracted and kinda slacking off tho lol and then we had our district UIL teams announced. i’m not asss mad anymore abt kang’s decision just a little disappointed but it’s fine i’ll do more work and i have a little bit of time before vcm 4 and district anyways. complained to him for about 5 minutes then had softballl

thursday was day 1 of tourney i went to 1st and 2nd period then had games at 11:30 vs iowa colony and 4:00 vs houston lamar. this was fs easiest day of the tournament we won both games with pretty significant margin lol

friday was first valentine’s day smh but also day 2 of tourney but before i got out i had chapter 8 stats test and test 5 for physics. don’t know yet about stats but i feel pretty good about it, and physics i got a 90 which i would maybe retake next week but i’ll be out of town again so it’s wtv. day 2 were the hardest games but at 2:30 we played livingston and walked them off lol and then at 4:00 we js barelyyy lost to new caney which they’re good but it was our first loss of the season 😦

saturday day 3 of tourney we played sam rayburn at 9:00 which was an easy game i guess we should have won by a lot more tho. had a long break then went to sterling for game at 4:30. the weather was really bad, windy and raining, and they just almost caught up but we were able to get by and beat them lolll

really behind on work at this point and going to make another bet fingers crossed i don’t end up having to run that 5k in april…
